Mrs. Robinson's phone is 0725555566, her office room is 236. She will attend the AI Conference in Bucharest on 20th February 2019. Today is 19th February 2019.
What is the telephone number of Mrs. Robinson?
Her phone number is 0725555566.
What about her office room? Her office room is 236.
Will she attend the AI Conference tomorrow afternoon?
Yes, she will.
Where will it take place?
I’m sorry, I don’t understand. Could you say it again?
Where will the AI Conference take place?
The AI Conference will take place in Bucharest.

I have a dog. His name is Sudo.
He has to be fed in the morning and in the evening.
What's my dog's name?
His name is Sudo.
When do I have to feed him?
In the morning and in the evening.

On Monday I'm meeting Andreea. She will lend me a book.
What meetings do I have on Monday?
On Monday you have a meeting with Andreea.
Why am I meeting her?
Because she will lend you a book.
What will she lend me?
She will lend you a book.

Tomorrow I have a Machine Learning course from 9 am to 11 am.
Set an alarm at 8 am.
Alarm set.
What courses do I have tomorrow?
You have a Machine Learning course.
When will the course start?
It will start at 9 am. 
How many hours does it last?
It lasts 2 hours.

A good movie is Bohemian Rhapsody. It was directed by Bryan Singer. Rami Malek plays Freddie Mercury in the movie and he won an Oscar for Best Actor.
Recommend me a good movie directed by Bryan Singer.
A good movie directed by Bryan Singer is Bohemian Rhapsody.
Who directed it?
Bryan Singer directed it.
Who plays Freddie Mercury in the movie?
Rami Malek plays Freddie Mercury in the movie.
Did he win an Oscar?
Yes, he won an Oscar for best actor.

Sherlock is a British crime drama television series based on Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes detective stories. Created by Steven Moffat and Mark Gatiss, it stars Benedict Cumberbatch as Sherlock Holmes and Martin Freeman as Doctor John Watson. Thirteen episodes have been produced, with four three-part series airing from 2010 to 2017, and a special episode that aired on 1 January 2016.
Criminal Minds is an American police procedural crime drama television series created and produced by Jeff Davis. It premiered on September 22, 2005, and has run for fourteen seasons on CBS. It tells the story of a group of behavioral profilers who work for the FBI as members of its Behavioral Analysis Unit (BAU).
Recommend me a crime television series.
Sherlock and Criminal Minds are crime television series.
Which one of them is a British television series?
Sherlock is a British series.
Who stars in it?
Benedict Cumberbatch stars in it.
